Rewrite PerformanceNavigationTiming pages (#22683)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/performancenavigationtiming/redirectcount/index.md

{{APIRef("Performance API")}}

> The **`redirectCount`** read-only property returns number representing the amount of redirects since the last non-redirect navigation in the current browsing context.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`redirectCount`** read-only property returns a number representing the number of redirects since the last non-redirect navigation in the current browsing context.
```

> The higher the amount of redirects on a page, the higher is the page load time. You want to avoid multiple redirects to improve the performance of your web page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The higher the number of redirects on a page, the longer the page load time. To improve the performance of your web page, avoid multiple redirects.
```

The {{domxref("PerformanceResourceTiming.redirectStart", "redirectStart")}} and {{domxref("PerformanceResourceTiming.redirectEnd", "redirectEnd")}} properties can be used to measure redirection time. Note that they will return `0` for cross-origin redirects.

Note that client side redirects, such as `<meta http-equiv="refresh" content="0; url=https://example.com/">` are not considered here.

## Value

The `redirectCount` property can have the following values:

> - A number representing the amount of redirects since the last non-redirect navigation in the current browsing context.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A number representing the number of redirects since the last non-redirect navigation in the current browsing context.
```
